Update index.md (#2156)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

    }
  }
```
#### UserType Condition object

> Specifies a set of UserTypes are to be included or excluded. You can use the [UserTypes API](/docs/reference/api/user-types/) to manage UserTypes.

Reviewer: "Specifies which User Types to include and/or exclude"

And "User Types" should link to further information about User Types.

| Parameter | Description                  | Data Type | Required |
| ---       | ---                          | ---       | ---      |

> | include   | The UserTypes to be included | Array     | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| include   | The User Types to be included | Array     | Yes      |
```

> | exclude   | The UserTypes to be excluded | Array     | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exclude   | The User Types to be excluded | Array     | Yes      |
```

    }
  }
```
#### UserType Condition object

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

> > **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Contact [Support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for more information.
```
